Add `New Featured Artist: jeko` news post (#14632)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2026/2026-04-18-new-featured-artist-jeko.md

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/jeko_release_showcase.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

### jeko - persistence

A technical song calls for [a technical map](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2494074). Thank [Roupus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11117670) and [virtuoso](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7540631) for delivering.

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/538/Songs/jeko%20-%20persistence.mp3">
</audio>

### jeko - Magnitude

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/538/Songs/jeko%20-%20Magnitude.mp3">
</audio>

### jeko - Etheria

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/538/Songs/jeko%20-%20Etheria.mp3">
</audio>

### jeko - ULTRACRITICAL \[PROVE YOURSELF\]

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/538/Songs/jeko%20-%20ULTRACRITICAL%20%5BPROVE%20YOURSELF%5D.mp3">
</audio>

---

The 5 songs above are just a taste of what's on [**jeko**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/538). You shouldn't need any convincing by this point.

> Entertain this idea for a second. You're a mapper and you're looking for interesting music to map. What's do you do? Do you make a Nightcore version of a song that you somehow associate with the color pink? Maybe, but here's an alternative: wait until next weekend for a new Featured Artist!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entertain this idea for a second. You're a mapper and you're looking for interesting music to map. What do you do? Do you make a Nightcore version of a song that you somehow associate with the colour pink? Maybe, but here's an alternative: wait until next weekend for a new Featured Artist!
```
